/*
Workshop 7 Part 2
Name: Benny Yang
Student ID: 112654223
Email: byang68@myseneca.ca
Date: July 15th, 2023
I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that
my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
*/

    I used std::for_each to go over the vector of crimes in the display function because it looked the most familiar, 
it being the same name as the regular for each functionality. It was used to iterate over the crimes 
and call the overloaded << operator to print out the infomation about the crimes in the vector.
I used std::sort to sort the vector of crimes based on the search parameters used in w7_p2.cpp.
This function was just the most straight forward for what was needed to be accomplished.
I used std::remove_if to clean the"[None]" from the crime records because I liked that it had a conditional clause built into the function.
As appose to just using std::remove.
I used std::any_of to check if any of the crimes matched the function parameter, since it only needs to check 
if the crime exists and not the location of the crime in the collection, any_of is perfect cause it'll return true once an element matches.
I used copy_if to get a list of crimes based on the inputted province because it has a built in conditional which allows
me to check for matching province while iterating over the collection.

    I think that it is better to use STL algorithms instead of manually implementing loops with functionality since it allows
the programmer to write less code and have more readable code. They are easy to reuse since we are just calling in the functions
from the algorithms library and would also probably be more efficient than the code we would write ourselves to do the same functionality.

    For the sort function, I would have personally had the options listed out with numbers and had the user enter a number 
that was then validated to see if it was within range. That way, it would less error prone since the user wouldn't need to
spell anything and they can see what was needed to be searched and just select with numbers.